Add documentation for supported data types (#104)
ROCm/hipRAND: docs/data-type-support.rst

Data type support
******************************************

> The hipRAND data type support is matching with the installed cuRAND data type support. The detailed description can be find at :doc:`rocRAND data type support page.<rocrand:data-type-support>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hipRAND's data type support is matching the installed cuRAND data type support. The detailed description can be found at :doc:`rocRAND's data type support page.<rocrand:data-type-support>`
```
Typo/wording

Also it feels weird to me when reading this, that it at first mentions, that it supports what cuRAND supports, but then links to rocRAND for more detailed information. Either link it to cuRAND's documentation, or at least mention that more details can be found in cuRAND's documentation, if we don't want to directly link there. Then we can still mention, that on AMD hardware it uses rocRAND as backend and link to rocRAND's data type support page.

Author: @MKKnorr please take over the PR. It was your task originally :)

Reviewer: Well, the rocRAND one, but yeah, sure :)

> hipRAND's data type support is matching cuRAND's data type support, for further information check out cuRAND's documentation. On AMD hardware the backend is provided by rocRAND. The detailed description can be found at :doc:`rocRAND's data type support page.<rocrand:data-type-support>`

Reviewer 2: Recommended

hipRAND's data type support matches cuRAND's data type support.  rocRAND provides the backend on AMD hardware. 
Refer to :doc:`rocRAND's data type support page.<rocrand:data-type-support>`for more information.

Reviewer: Yes, this was more or less the prior statement, but as a developer it would be slightly confusing to me, that we state, that the support is matching cuRAND and immediately after that refer to rocRAND, which is supposed to be a superset of cuRANDs (and hipRANDs).

If we don't want to refer to cuRAND or nvidia documentation then this is fine with me.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the changes. Users will refer to CUDA if needed. We should consider providing the information on our portal for context without sending users to CUDA documentation. If the data types supported are the same as CUDA supports,  we should consider listing the data types directly on our portal.

Reviewer: Okay, that makes sense to me. We actually have a comparison to the cuRANDs support on rocRANDs data type support page, so I added a line stating that.

Reviewer 2: That's awesome. Appreciate the changes @MKKnorr. The intent is to get our users to use our documentation unless, contextually, they are absolutely required to access a third-party website.

> hipRAND's data type support is matching cuRAND's data type support. On AMD hardware the backend is provided by rocRAND. The detailed description, which includes a comparison to cuRAND's data type support, can be found at :doc:`rocRAND's data type support page.<rocrand:data-type-support>`

Reviewer 2: Recommended text,

hipRAND's data type support matches cuRAND's data type support. On AMD hardware, the backend is provided by rocRAND.

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed it

> The ROCm data type support summary can be find at the :doc:`Supported data types in ROCm<rocm:about/compatibility/precission-support>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ROCm data type support summary can be found at :doc:`Supported data types in ROCm<rocm:about/compatibility/precission-support>`
```
Typo/wording

> The ROCm data type support summary can be found at :doc:`Supported data types in ROCm<rocm:about/compatibility/precission-support>`

Reviewer 2: You can find the ROCm data type support summary at

Reviewer: Changed as requested
